Goal tracker that supports daily, weekly, monthly, annual goals. Minimal, clean,
and easy to use without all the frills.

Core Features & Design:

Goal Creation

Geometric "+" button fixed in bottom right (perfect circle, primary coral)
Creating a goal flows in geometric panels:

Name input: Stark rectangular field, bold sans-serif labels Type selector:
Circle radio buttons in grid layout For countable goals: Numerical input in
geometric frame End date: Calendar as grid of squares Reminder toggle: Sliding
geometric switch

Each field appears one at a time Form elements float in whitespace Save button
as bold rectangular block in ocean blue

Progress Tracking For Countable Goals:

Circular progress indicator (geometric perfection) Current/target as bold
typography (e.g., "7/12") Tap goal to update:

Number input appears in geometric frame "+" and "-" as perfect squares Progress
circle animates on update

For Yes/No Goals:

Perfect square checkbox Completion fills square with primary color Single tap to
toggle state Daily progress shown as row of geometric shapes

Home Screen Layout

Pure white background with soft charcoal text Goals as rectangular cards with
subtle depth Each goal card shows:

Bold geometric type for name Circular progress indicator (coral/ocean/sand based
on progress) Days remaining in stark numerical typography Update button as
geometric shape

Vertical grid layout with mathematical spacing Goals ordered by end date Strong
horizontal lines separate goals

Reminder System

Toggle during goal creation (geometric switch) When enabled:

One notification daily Notification design follows same geometric principles
Shows progress as basic shape Current status in bold numbers

Tap notification to update progress

Visual System:

Typography:

Inter Variable for headers (universal-style sans-serif) Space Grotesk Variable
for body text (geometric sans) Numbers displayed prominently in bold with
tabular alignment

Colors:

Background: Pure white (#FFFFFF) Text: Soft charcoal (220 25% 20%) Primary:
Coral Red (4 85% 65%) - warm and inviting Secondary: Ocean Blue (199 95% 74%) -
fresh and clean Accent: Warm Sand (35 91% 75%) - earthy sophistication

Dark Mode: Background: Deep charcoal (220 25% 9%) Text: Pure white Colors
slightly adjusted for contrast while maintaining warmth

Shapes:

Circles for progress and icons Squares/rectangles for containers Grid-based
layouts Visible geometric structure Sharp edges (0px radius)

Spacing:

Mathematical grid system Asymmetric but balanced layouts Generous whitespace
Consistent unit measures
